Second part to developing my way to making the Comms Transporter!

The src's that are named "ESP_now...", are supoosed to show how I plan
on making multiple devices be able to communicate with each other: ESP_now!
Essentially, ESP_now is a function for ESP32's to be able to communicate with one another
simpler and easier due to its low latency and low power consumption compared to WIFI.
Since my project revolves around these devices being dormant inside a home, ESP_now is
more than capable for accomplishing this. 


Most of the code in its entierity is just the setup for ESP32, so there wasnt much "real" coding that
I had to do. It was simply just the very first code, "microphone_test", accept one ESP32 has the microphone (input), 
and the other microphone has the led (output). 
 

The only difference is that unlike the inital microphone test, with this one, even though 
i made the code for how to interpret the input of the microphone and in accordance, turn the led on,
it wouldnt work as well as I thought. It would only turn the led on a number of times even though 
I was talking through the microphone. I tried changing delays and such but it didnt work. 


In the end, I wasnt able to get it to work no matter what I did, so I did have to use a bit of outside
help on the matter. I was able to find out that one problem could even just be the micropghone itself.
I have the generic red microphone module (KY-038), and it isnt exactly the best at interpretting audio full on,
so I know i wouldnt be able to use this for my project, since my project requires clear cut audio to be transmitted
from one room to another. 


A little hack I guess that solved this was by using the milis() command. This command 
eseentially calls the time (in milliseconds) that the program has been running, and takes the time of the last 
detetced audio (so this can be even just a little blurt), and while the difference in time ebtween the two is 500ms, 
keep the led on. This solved the program becauae both these numbers are changing constantly. If i ever hum at the 
microphone, not only is the time the program is running changing, but also the last detected hum, along with that 500ms leadway.
This solved the problem, and my code was abel to work!

I will say, I wish that for all the devices can act as a trasnmitter and reciever. ESP_NOW was the first thing I thought of,
and ill stick to it if its possible. This can be subject to change, but im not removing this progress even if i dont end
up using ESP_NOW.

Also, the microphone sensor that I used didnt necessarily act as a microphone here. I didnt record my voice and do anything with that. 
This just simply detected any kind of sound, and blinked an LED. To get inot real microphone stuff, I need an INMP441, the ideal module
for this that is able to input sound, and I got it relatively cheap hehe. It is not here yet (July 9, 2026 rn), so in the mean while,
ill learn about it, how it works, and how to code with it. 
